c:\users\evan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AutoReStory\AutoReStory\bin\Debug\AutoReStory.dll
c:\users\evan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AutoReStory\AutoReStory\bin\Debug\AutoReStory.pdb
c:\users\evan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AutoReStory\AutoReStory\bin\Debug\AutoReStory.AutoReStory.apk
c:\users\evan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AutoReStory\AutoReStory\bin\Debug\AutoReStory.AutoReStory-Signed.apk
c:\users\evan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AutoReStory\AutoReStory\obj\Debug\AutoReStory.dll
c:\users\evan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AutoReStory\AutoReStory\obj\Debug\AutoReStory.pdb
c:\users\evan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AutoReStory\AutoReStory\obj\Debug\android\bin\AutoReStory.AutoReStory.apk
c:\users\evan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AutoReStory\AutoReStory\obj\Debug\res\layout\main.xml
c:\users\evan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AutoReStory\AutoReStory\obj\Debug\res\values\strings.xml
c:\users\evan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AutoReStory\AutoReStory\obj\Debug\res\drawable\icon.png
c:\users\evan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AutoReStory\AutoReStory\obj\Debug\R.cs.flag
c:\users\evan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AutoReStory\AutoReStory\obj\Debug\uploadflags.txt
c:\users\evan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AutoReStory\AutoReStory\obj\Debug\AutoReStory.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\evan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AutoReStory\AutoReStory\obj\Debug\res\drawable\splash_logo.png
c:\users\evan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AutoReStory\AutoReStory\obj\Debug\res\values\styles.xml
C:\Users\Evan\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\AutoReStory\AutoReStory\obj\Debug\res\layout\setup.xml
C:\Users\Evan\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\AutoReStory\AutoReStory\bin\Debug\SQLite-net.dll
C:\Users\Evan\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\AutoReStory\AutoReStory\bin\Debug\SQLitePCL.raw.dll
C:\Users\Evan\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\AutoReStory\AutoReStory\bin\Debug\SQLite-net.dll.mdb
C:\Users\Evan\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\AutoReStory\AutoReStory\obj\Debug\res\layout\addeditcontacts.xml
C:\Users\Evan\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\AutoReStory\AutoReStory\obj\Debug\res\layout\list_row_contact_list.xml
C:\Users\Evan\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\AutoReStory\AutoReStory\obj\Debug\res\values\dimens.xml
C:\Users\Evan\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\AutoReStory\AutoReStory\obj\Debug\res\drawable\list_selector.xml
C:\Users\Evan\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\AutoReStory\AutoReStory\obj\Debug\res\drawable\border.xml
C:\Users\Evan\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\AutoReStory\AutoReStory\obj\Debug\res\drawable\button_shape.xml
C:\Users\Evan\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\AutoReStory\AutoReStory\obj\Debug\res\drawable\cell_shape.xml
C:\Users\Evan\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\AutoReStory\AutoReStory\obj\Debug\res\drawable\delete.png
C:\Users\Evan\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\AutoReStory\AutoReStory\obj\Debug\res\drawable\gradient_bg.xml
C:\Users\Evan\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\AutoReStory\AutoReStory\obj\Debug\res\drawable\gradient_bg_alternate.xml
C:\Users\Evan\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\AutoReStory\AutoReStory\obj\Debug\res\drawable\gradient_bg_hover.xml
C:\Users\Evan\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\AutoReStory\AutoReStory\obj\Debug\res\drawable\gradient_bg_hover_alternate.xml
C:\Users\Evan\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\AutoReStory\AutoReStory\obj\Debug\res\drawable\input_shape.xml
C:\Users\Evan\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\AutoReStory\AutoReStory\obj\Debug\res\drawable\list_selector_alternate.xml
C:\Users\Evan\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\AutoReStory\AutoReStory\obj\Debug\AutoReStory.dll.mdb
C:\Users\Evan\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\AutoReStory\AutoReStory\bin\Debug\AutoReStory.dll.mdb
